### Introduction

Hey everybody! As you may know, as of the Summer of 2020 I am a software engineering intern at Lockheed Martin (my third summer with the corporation). The intern program at LM tried to make our remote summer as engaging and interesting as they possibly could. One event that I got to participate in recently was an Amazon Web Services Game Day, which AWS and LM partnered to host remote for their interns. The event was a blast so I wanted to write up a little post on it. NOTE: All opinions here are my own, and nothing said here will be LMPI (Lockheed Martin Proprietary Information).

### What is AWS GameDay?

The primary goal of AWS GameDay is to provide an interactive, hands-on learning experience regarding both cloud computing concepts and AWS Services. As LM and other tech companies move towards the cloud, they want their employees and potential employees to be knowledgable in order to provide the most business value. AWS GameDay is the best way to provide this knowledge on AWS without requiring classroom-like learning experiences. Us interns were split into teams of 4 and paired with an AWS technical representative, and given a fictitious but interesting business scenario. The goal was then to complete challenges in our AWS sandbox connected to a simulation and chaos engine, including fixing network bugs and deploying infrastructure, and receiving points for completing these tasks quickly and completely on a live, head-to-head leaderboard against the other intern teams. 

### The Scenario

As AWS GameDay evolves, I believe they switch out their challenges and add different services (especially newer ones they want to bring attention to). As far as I know, the core scenario stays the same: Our team was newly hired at a company that rents out unicorns (to parents for their children's parties, something or other). The previous DevOps team left the company and left us new-hires with the keys to infrastucture... which Unfortunately consists of not much. Our CEO (one of the AWS leaders) basically said that the applications that run the Unicorn.Rentals company need to be deployed immediately, alongside of other goals we could achieve in order to bring our mythical company to the next level. 

### Overview of Our Tasks

Our initial task was to deploy our different applications to the cloud. This included a web-store portal for customers to rent our unicorns, an admin page where we could replenish our stock using data analytics, and a proxy service that redirects our web requests to an API run by the AWS simulation (think Unicorn HQ). We were given most of the code, and we had to configure the code and AWS templates in AWS Cloud Formation in order to set up our CI/CD pipeline in AWS CodeCommit and deploy from the pipeline into an EC2 instance with the correct VPC network and security group configurations. Once this was up (probably the first 2 or 3 hours of the 8 hour GameDay), the next step was to use our admin portal along with AWS analytics platforms in order to maintain stock of unicorns at an effective rate so that we could make the most points on "sales" simulated by AWS. While this was happening, a chaos engine was wreaking havoc on our services and infrastructure, constantly requiring us to debug our services and add features that protected what we deployed (ELBs, ASGs, more effective security and network policies). This was the bulk of what we accomplished, and the main goal for the day. There were additional tasks that included "unlocking" additional colored unicorns to sell by completing the setup of a marketing pipeline that includes video and livestream ads run through AWS Elemental services. We struggled pretty hard to get the Elemental services to work, and the documentation and instructions weren't fantastic so we never completed all of the challenge tasks.

### How Did We Do? 

Our AWS Technical Lead said he was super impressed by our lack of needing help and ability to dive into the documentation and figure out exactly what we needed and how to use it. Deploying the infrastructure for our applications wasn't all that difficult, although we may have been able to save a couple of points had we more strictly configured our EC2 instance types. The analytics / machine learning platform was quite slow for us and we didn't want to waste time, so we did some data analysis as a team and figured at a certain point, a huge spike in the demand of unicorns was going to come. We worked through lunch to predict this, and then set ourselves up with an abolute ton of stock, falling to 16th place (out of 16 teams). We felt good about what we did, so we finally broke off for lunch... and came back 20 minutes later to 1st place with a huge lead! We then spent the rest of the day attempting to complete the harder challenges and maintain our lead. Unfortunately, the chaos engine brought down our network and we (including the AWS technical representative) struggled to bring it back up, leaving our application offline for about 2 or 3 hours. The whole time our application was down, we had a signicant point deficit due to our large inventory and infrastructure, dropping us from an unreachable lead to 2nd place. We finally got our application back up and got to work on tearing down the lead of the team ahead of us. We got to the point where we had a higher points per tick than they did, but our huge inventory costs from our earlier analysis made it to where we weren't going to pass them unless the market hit another big spike. Much to our dismay, the spike never came, so we ended in 2nd place. Although we were disappointed we could never get back, our team was super proud of the work we did.

### Conclusion

If you ever get the opportunity to participate in an AWS GameDay, don't think twice. Earlier in the summer, I spent some of my free-time working on getting my AWS Cloud Pracitioner certification and was excited to apply what I had studied for in "real world" situations.The amount of knowledge I was able to learn and apply regarding AWS and the cloud was immense, all while having a ton of fun with my teammates. Although it is quite different from traditional software programming, getting into cloud computing and infrastructure has expanded my skillset and given me new topics to explore. 